{
"video":"DzfpyUB60YY",
"image":"images/getout.png",
"altText":"Get Out Poster",
"description": "Black photographer Chris Washington is apprehensive as he prepares to meet the family of his white girlfriend, Rose Armitage. Later, at the Armitage house in rural Upstate New York, Rose's brother Jeremy and their parents, neurosurgeon Dean and hypnotherapist Missy, make disconcerting comments about black people. Chris witnesses strange behavior from the estate's black housekeeper Georgina and groundskeeper Walter. When Chris is unable to sleep, Missy pressures him into a hypnotherapy session to cure his smoking addiction. In a trance, he expresses guilt over his mother's death in a hit-and-run when he was a child, and sinks into a void Missy calls the Sunken Place. The next morning, he assumes that the encounter was a dream until Walter acknowledges their brief encounter the night before. Georgina unplugs his phone accidentally, draining its battery.",
"title":"Get Out"
}

 {
        "video": "fQNZhs0QKq0",
        "image": "images/kkk.jpg",
        "altText": "BlackkKlansman Poster",
        "description": "In 1972, Ron Stallworth is hired as the first black officer in the Colorado Springs Police Department. Assigned to work in the records room, he faces racial discrimination from his coworkers. After he requests a transfer to undercover work, he is assigned to infiltrate a local rally where national civil rights leader Kwame Ture (a.k.a. Stokely Carmichael) gives a speech. At the rally, Stallworth meets Patrice Dumas, president of the Black Student Union at Colorado College. While she takes Ture to his hotel, Patrice is stopped by patrolman Andy Landers, a racist officer in Stallworth's precinct, who threatens Ture and gropes Patrice. After the rally, Stallworth is reassigned to the intelligence division. After reading about a local division of the Ku Klux Klan in the newspaper, he calls posing as white and speaks with Walter Breachway, the president of the Colorado Springs, Colorado chapter, but soon realizes not only did he use his real name, but he also has to go and meet the Klan members. So Stallworth recruits his Jewish coworker, Flip Zimmerman, to act as him to meet the Klan members while he continues to pose as white on the phone. Under the identity of Stallworth, Zimmerman meets Walter, the slightly more reckless Felix Kendrickson (and later his wife Connie), and Ivanhoe, who cryptically refers to an upcoming attack.",
        "title": "BlackkKlansman"
    },
    {
        "video": "hNCmb-4oXJA",
        "image": "images/us.jpg",
        "altText": " Us Poster",
        "description": "In 1986, a young girl named Adelaide Thomas goes on vacation with her parents to Santa Cruz. At the Santa Cruz Beach Boardwalk, she wanders off and enters a funhouse, where she encounters a doppelgänger of herself in the hall of mirrors.In the present day, the now-adult Adelaide is haunted by memories of the encounter. She goes on vacation with her husband, Gabe Wilson, and their children, Zora and Jason. She is apprehensive about the trip, but Gabe, eager to impress their rich friends Josh and Kitty Tyler, brushes off her misgivings. At the beach, Jason sees a man standing with his arms outstretched, blood dripping from one hand.That night, a family of four dressed in red appears in the Wilsons' driveway. They break into the house and attack them. The intruders turn out to be the Wilsons' doppelgängers. They include Pluto (Jason's double who behaves akin to a feral dog, growling on all fours), Umbrae (Zora's double who consistently has a sadistic smirk), Abraham (Gabe's double who can only groan nonsensically), and are led by Red (Adelaide's double who talks in a raspy and stunted manner). The only one who can talk, Red explains that the doppelgängers are called the Tethered, that they share a soul with their counterparts, and that they have come to 'untether' themselves. She tells them the story of a girl who is loved and happy while her 'shadow' remains in the dark, suffering.",
        "title": "Us"
    },
    {
        "video": "IAZEWtyhpes",
        "image": "images/shadows.jpg",
        "altText": " What We Do In The Shadows Poster",
        "description": "A documentary crew follows four vampire roommates—Viago, Vladislav, Deacon, and Petyr— who share a flat in the Wellington suburb of Te Aro. All of the vampires possess supernatural powers, including levitation and the ability to transform into animals. Viago is a 379-year-old dandy from the 18th century, who originally traveled to New Zealand in the 1910s in search of the love of his life Katherine; Vladislav is an 862-year-old known as 'Vladislav the Poker', who is haunted by memories of his nemesis 'the Beast'; and Deacon is a 183-year-old former peddler and the 'young rebel' of the group who was turned into a vampire by Petyr—a reclusive, 8,000-year-old vampire who behaves like a feral animal.Each night, Viago, Vladislav, and Deacon take the bus into town and prowl the streets of Wellington for people to kill. Deacon's human familiar, Jackie, runs errands for the vampires and cleans up the gore left behind by their feeding. A married mother, Jackie hopes to attain immortality—but is frustrated that Deacon will not turn her into a vampire as promised. Deacon requests that Jackie bring virgins to the flat so that the vampires can feed on them. She lures a woman who insulted her in primary school and Nick, her ex-boyfriend from childhood, to the flat. Though neither are actually virgins, the woman is killed, and Nick is attacked by Petyr. Nick survives the attack and is made into a vampire by Petyr.",
        "title": "What We Do In The Shadows"
    }

  {
        "video": "xjDjIWPwcPU",
        "image": "images/panther.jpg",
        "altText": " Black Panther Poster",
        "description": "Thousands of years ago, five African tribes war over a meteorite containing the metal vibranium. One warrior ingests a 'heart-shaped herb' affected by the metal and gains superhuman abilities, becoming the first 'Black Panther'. He unites all but the Jabari Tribe to form the nation of Wakanda. Over centuries, the Wakandans use the vibranium to develop advanced technology and isolate themselves from the world by posing as a Third World country. In 1992, Wakanda's King T'Chaka visits his brother N'Jobu, who is working undercover in Oakland, California. T'Chaka accuses N'Jobu of assisting black-market arms dealer Ulysses Klaue with stealing vibranium from Wakanda. N'Jobu's partner reveals he is Zuri, another undercover Wakandan, and confirms T'Chaka's suspicions.In the present day, following T'Chaka's death,[N 1] his son T'Challa returns to Wakanda to assume the throne. He and Okoye, the leader of the Dora Milaje regiment, extract T'Challa's ex-lover Nakia from an undercover assignment so she can attend his coronation ceremony with his mother Ramonda and younger sister Shuri. At the ceremony, the Jabari Tribe's leader M'Baku challenges T'Challa for the crown in ritual combat. T'Challa defeats M'Baku and persuades him to yield rather than die. When Klaue and his accomplice Erik Stevens steal a Wakandan artifact from a London museum, T'Challa's friend and Okoye's lover W'Kabi urges him to bring Klaue back alive. T'Challa, Okoye, and Nakia travel to Busan, South Korea, where Klaue plans to sell the artifact to CIA agent Everett K. Ross. A firefight erupts and Klaue attempts to flee but is caught by T'Challa, who reluctantly releases him to Ross' custody. Klaue tells Ross that Wakanda's international image is a front for a technologically advanced civilization. Erik attacks and extracts Klaue as Ross is gravely injured protecting Nakia. Rather than pursue Klaue, T'Challa takes Ross to Wakanda, where their technology can save him",
        "title": "Black Panther"
    }

